Update intro page with Timo suggestion (#2232)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/introduction/_index.md

## Our platform, your platform

> You may be wondering: How does Giant Swarm achieve flexibility and standardization at the same time? Giant Swarm doesn't offer a one-size-fits-all platform which, in the most optimistic scenario, covers 80% of use cases while ignoring the rest of your business. Instead, we leverage the cloud-native ecosystem to provide our customers with a set of features that helps platform teams to build a developer platform that fits the company's constraints, processes, and unique requirements. We believe that there is no universal internal developer platform that can cover all needs, especially in the enterprise world. For this reason, we design our solutions to be modular and customizable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might be asking: Can a platform be both adaptable and standardized? Absolutely. Giant Swarm doesn't offer a generic solution that tries to cover most needs but ignores the rest. Instead, we use cloud-native technology to give platform teams the tools to build a developer platform that perfectly matches their company's specific requirements and processes. We understand that every organization, especially large ones, has unique needs. That's why we've designed our solutions to be flexible and customizable, so you get exactly what you need.
```

@pipo02mix this was rewritten by Gemini. Imo this is better english now.

Our approach gives you the ability to define team-specific policies, flexible application delivery processes, or different traffic routing setups, just to name a few of the options. We help you create templates tailored to your team's needs while ensuring excellent visibility and control over their activities.

## Working with our customers

> We offer a product that lets you start easily with a total open-source production-ready platform, no vendor locking, and no commercial license. Our team will work with your engineers every day to build something that's tailor-made to meet the challenges of your business head-on. There is a common baseline that your security and governance team can trust on. Your specific requirements will be discussed and configured in collaboration with our subject matter experts. Good communication and support are key, which is exactly what we're good at. [Our customers endorse the collaborative effort to create a cloud-native developer platform](https://www.giantswarm.io/customers) together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get started quickly with our fully open-source, production-ready platform – no vendor lock-in, no commercial license. Our team collaborates daily with your engineers to create a customized solution that tackles your unique business challenges head-on. We provide a trusted foundation for your security and governance teams, and our experts work closely with you to understand and configure your specific needs. We pride ourselves on excellent communication and support, which our customers consistently praise. [See how we've partnered with others to build successful cloud-native platforms](https://www.giantswarm.io/customers).
```

Same. Also rewritten by Gemini
